add config parameters doc for destination in service-defaults (#13950)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/terminating-gateway.mdx

    {
      name: 'Services',
      type: 'array<LinkedService>: <optional>',
      description: `A list of services or destinations to link
                      with the gateway. The gateway will proxy traffic to these services. These linked services
                      must be registered with Consul for the gateway to discover their addresses. They must also
                      be registered in the same Consul datacenter as the terminating gateway. If Consul ACLs are
                      enabled, the Terminating Gateway's ACL token must grant <code>service:write</code> for all linked services.

>                       Destinations are an exception to that and only need to be defined as a service-defaults configuration entry in the same datacenter.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      Destinations are an exception to this requirement, and only need to be defined as a service-defaults configuration entry in the same datacenter.`,
```

>                       Destinations are an exception to that and only need to be defined as a service-defaults configuration entry in the same datacenter.`,

Reviewer 2: I think this is good but it needs to be moved toward the beginning of the discussion of the catalog. Otherwise, it seems like it applied to ACLS.
